PR for SRVCOM-4355: CQA + DITA readiness for assemblies and modules under the "Knative CLI" section (#109034)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-send-events-kn.adoc

----
where:
** The `--field` flag adds data to the event as a field-value pair. You can use it multiple times.

> ** The `--type` flag enables to specify a string that designates the type of the event.

Reviewer: I would simplify it as the rest:

```suggestion
** The `--type` flag specifies a string that designates the type of the event.
```
